sweetie crap
hey there foodtube it's me children
you remember me I'm the winner of Jamie
Oliver's search for a cocktail star over
at drinks - yes
today I'm in food to bland
I'm from Thailand so today I'm gonna be
cooking you guys a very authentic Thai
dish it's called the Tom Kha gai a very
very aromatic soup with Thai essential
herbs you need to try it
boom cockeyed boom in soup car means
Gavin girl and guy means chicken first
lemongrass for this recipe we might need
like three lemongrass sticks roughly
chopping click out the tough outer
layers take care of the bottom part
normally you guys would just like bruise
it I'm gonna show you how we do it in
Thailand slice them really really really
thin really really pretty
next began n'gou thumb sighs not my
thumb size like a larger one this one's
looking good skin it Kalin Gao is in the
same family as ginger it gives a tangy
tangy tangy taste you slice it into
really really thin slices then that's
just about 1 cup of coconut milk and
then we need equal parts water let you
do it
we don't want to waste anything here
it's precious we're gonna put that on a
medium heat once it's on the heat you're
just gonna stir the broth because you
don't want the coconut milk to split a
pinch of salt in goes mr. lemongrass and
mr. Gallagher there you go
give it a nice swirl next we're gonna
prep the chicken I'm using chicken
thighs use anything you like chicken
legs chicken breasts but chicken thighs
gives you a much more robust flavor chop
it into bite-sized pieces the soup is
now just like gently gently boiling not
rapidly boiling so now we put our
chicken into our soup just give it a
wiggle I'm gonna wash my hands while the
chicken is cooking we're gonna prepare
our mushrooms a big handful chopping
into whatever size you guys fancy if you
wait till the chicken is cooked and then
you put your mushrooms in then your
chicken would be overcooked so now I'm
gonna put my mushrooms in I'm gonna put
in my kaffir lime leaves but this is a
tip from a Thai dude you must not chop
your kaffir lime leaves you see the
natural line there that's where you tear
it and there you go just tear it and
then the flavor comes out much more
trust me on this one yeah let it simmer
for about two minutes
it's looking really really really good
one final thing before I take it off the
heat is just season it with fish sauce
two tablespoons give it a little taste
it that's fine for me so we're gonna
take it off the heat and then we're
gonna put it in a bowl this smells
really really really good here's where
the Lyman chili comes in
so catch any pit and seeds finally you
can't live without the chili
I'm putting seeds in so but yeah you
guys could leave that seat down if
you're not like into hot food that this
is future we like spicy stuff the colors
are really really good the Greens the
reds really really nice and then final
touch some coriander a handful roughly
chopping
and there you have it guys the authentic
Tom Kha Kai it's so good it's so so good
you get the spiciness from the chili
counteract with the coconut milk so
please try and enjoy if you guys want to
see me cook more on foodtube please
please comment below if you want more
about food
subscribe to tube it's free click here
click here oh and you want to see me and
Jamie make a delicious lemongrass
cocktail click here it's on it's on
drinks - oh you haven't subscribe to
drinks tube here it's easy click and
it's free so that's it for me I'm gonna
sit down and have my meal black on sorry
clap bye
you